Add the Deaf and Hard of Hearing initiative to the repo (#490)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: deaf-and-hard-of-hearing/README.md

Overall, by facilitating the inclusion of the deaf/hoh, we can foster a more diverse and vibrant tech community, where everyone has the opportunity to contribute their unique perspectives and talents.

## Mission

Create a supportive and inclusive cloud native/open source community that offers pathways to deaf/hoh members to become active community members — from occasional contributions to maintainers to known subject matter experts — and provide them with the tools they need to get access to the best paying jobs of the industry.

## Goals

* Create pathways for deaf/hoh individuals into cloud native and open source
* Empower deaf/hoh to become more visible members within the cloud native community  
* Encourage and educate employers on hiring deaf/hoh employees
* Build a deaf/hoh in tech community to network, learn from, and support each other

## Contact

* CNCF Slack: [#deaf-and-hard-of-hearing](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C05BYNK8A3V)
* Monthly meetings:

>   * Every fourth Tuesday of the month (for details check the [CNCF Calendar](https://www.cncf.io/calendar/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Every fourth Tuesday of the month (for details check the [CNCF Calendar](https://tockify.com/cncf.public.events/monthly?search=Deaf%20and%20Hard%20of%20Hearing%20WG))
```

Changed it with a URL that's filling the search box
